[Music]
Oh
H
[Music
] [Music]
and
[Music] [Music] [Music
]
ah
[Music]
ha
and
[Music] [Music]
H [Music
] [Music] [Music]
H
[Music]
Oh
ah
[Music]
ha
[
Music] H [Music]
B
[Music]
H
ha
[Music]
ah
ha
[Music] [
Music]
H
[Music]
ah
a
[Music]
k
and
[Music]
H
Oh
[Music]
H
y
[Music]
[Music] [Music]
H
Oh [Music] [Music
]
[Music]
ah
[Music] H [Music] Oh [Music] [Music] k [Music] [Music] [
Music]
i
[Music]
Okay family Good night How's the
atmosphere here today
How how's the atmosphere
here let's see let's
see
Let's talk about some
things I'm feeling sick man with my
throat what's up family How are you How are we
How are my people let's see I'm
checking the
members
Uf
232 eh let's keep going and let's go there
fighting to not lose The 2000
but but you're there there eh I don't notice mu
I don't notice much confidence eh of not
losing it Eh  I don't feel very very very
confident in not
losing it, let me put the ads
on yesterday's live that I had
n't put them on yet,
I always forget, man,
today the gentlemen gave away more than 100
members, let's see here How
people get along, let's see here the
kids, how are they
doing, the truth is that we have quite a lot of
activity, the
truth is that we have quite a lot of activity wait
now I'll tell you
and says Rob, I'm not a member anymore, man, let's
see, of course, son, if you don't renew you're not a
member, let's see, people give it to you, but
once they give it to you, you can
renew. I don't know how to do it
exactly. I don't have the TV on, but you ca
n't see it, right? You can't see the TV, but
I'm going to leave the light on like this. Cool, today
the TV is
not like that,
eh, let's see, something
happened that's quite big,
eh, it's quite big,
eh
[Music]
They've hacked my doctor's account
and a lot of stuff eh and a lot of
stuff Look, let's get to
it,
Mister
doctor. Well, he's had his
account hacked for a while, the truth is, the truth is, he's been hacked for
many hours.  look, I
took screenshots just in case, but his
account has been hacked for a while. Look,
they removed the verified one because he
changed his profile picture and
put
this, all marked, okay, all crossed out and
such, which is the photo with
which they accuse him,
okay, he
saw it as an aggressor and abuser of
women and now they've put several
tweets, let's not start from the
beginning. Look, it's been 19 hours, I understand
that either his account wasn't hacked or he
had scheduled tweets, okay, tell me. This is
what you wanted. This is the same
photo,
the statement from the Faculty of Medicine
that we were reading on the news. The
other day, the Faculty of Medicine points out
and repudiates the violence exercised
against our colleagues on
November 7,
2023. In other words, the Faculty of
Medicine itself directly accuses him of
violence against
women, that is, this is not an opinion of
feminists, I don't know what, but we have
the statement from the Faculty of Medicine
directly accusing him, okay. And then he
shared a couple of statements that I
believe are from associations
feminists eh but I don't know in light of the
recent events that occurred
yesterday Monday
November 6th in relation to the
presentation of Dr. Octavio known on
YouTube as my doctor and social networks
in the tat tal auditorium we wish to make
you aware that our position and
will remain the same we want spaces
free of aggressors free of
hate speech towards women and spaces
where we can guarantee
physical and emotional safety for all those
who are part of the
student community because it is known that
previously the
aforementioned inv has a complaint
from students and nurses themselves who made themselves
known on a clothesline at the
university we have nothing more to
say because its content is
sufficient proof to confirm that he has no
other language to address
women other than misogynistic and well
eh I would
love to
know what the
facts are What are the
facts What are the
facts referring to other medical students
as ridiculous old women and donkeys
this is very much in the doctor's vocabulary
[ __ ] But I hope there is something
not a video or something
not of the
facts I really like to tell
people their truths especially the
ridiculous ones And why  They weren't going to tell me
this head on with truths, evidence, and
testimonies, not behind a page that
doesn't show its face.
Ridiculous. Oh, they couldn't stand it. They already blocked
the comments. Report them on the
page,
they say. Well, in the end it's a fight. I don't know
to what
extent this could have some kind of
legal repercussion. Let's see the criticism, of
course, but we had already talked about him.
This is a misogynist, sexist, oppressive,
violent, clear example of being
retched. You don't know what I came for. It was for
this. Well, you don't know how glad I am to
see. This seems
ridiculous to me. I would love to know what he
said and what he did to be
accused
of so much. Instagram apparently also
has a
hacked account. We'll have to see the outrage he
said. Let's see my doctor, Mr.
doc
tor. Let's see,
mecen
cosy, who put all the info on his Twitter,
but they communicate the
facts. Let's see. Mr. doctor, last Monday he
was invited by the Faculty of Medicine
to give a lecture on the
therapeutic approach to
meningiomas. This invitation was
totally repudiated by the
organized women's collective.  from the Faculty of
Medicine of the UNA here Las Montoyas after
numerous complaints of misogyny and
aggression in the past towards the
nurses of said faculty as in
general Unlike the previous
complaints, this last one was fully
supported by the UNAM itself from its
official account as well as
resulting in the attack of Mr. doctor to the
collective and also threats of
identity leaks, that is, in other words, these are
the cowardly and
ridiculous messages, you don't even inform yourselves,
ridiculous old women,
report but in the Public Ministry, ridiculous
old women
remain silent when they
have the aggressor in
front of them, let's see,
eh, it's a scratch. But look here on
Instagram, they have done the same thing, the same avo,
the same photos, the same
publications, it's an ugly Scratch,
eh, it
's a very ugly Scratch,
but as far as I understand, from what I
see, I don't know if they
are canceling it so that they don't call them
anymore. And then the university supports it, I
think that's how it is if I understand correctly that I do
n't know what the montages are. I think
ridiculous old women said, we want to
remind you that in the Ral
Fornier auditorium  let's see ridiculous old women it's not
even spelled Ral it's spelled Ral
and it's not written like that neither Fornier nor
Hanes know who Ral Fornier is they haven't
investigated they want he's in charge of
hugging and covering up aggressors and they cross out my
eyes don't cover your eyes to me
ridiculous old women to me Leave my face clearly on
top he says this is a pseudo doctor pseudo
doctor No because I may have my
YouTube plates but I also have my
university degrees So you're not
telling me that he's a pseudo doctor because here
the ones who don't have a degree yet are you
ridiculous old women as if that weren't enough he says he says
what affinity of nurses and
infinity Let's see I want there to be a single
nurse who will face me and say he
attacked me he disrespected me
for this and for there is no one not one a
single nurse not a single person but they
love them just say that they don't like me
that's much more much more
acceptable I really like me that I don't know what
the Montoyas are I think
ridiculous old women said we want to remind you
that in the Ral auditorium let's see old woman
I don't either Alex says Alex I  I can't
stand it Me neither man if the guy puts me
off but what the [ __ ]
eh he's a guy who puts me off but
in a
brutal way and Rubius become best friends
very strong eh after everything we
saw
yesterday What happened are you looking at the video that
arski put here look Mr. doctor it has been
totally canceled but in a way
not only by not only has it been
canceled
by groups of people no no by
collectives no no no no no it has
practically been canceled by the same
Faculty of Medicine called UNAM in
Mexico it's really crazy this
time it has been totally
but very crazy founded canceled
everywhere he has exploded and I'm going to
bring you everything here well compiled
And that is going to
affect his career seriously because we are
no longer talking
about How do you say my diffuser of
intimate photos and two years he made an advertisement
with this girl has attacked me a
kiss the one who is Arming herself at the
Rubius event the Rubiu event the
Rubiu event was
yesterday the Rubi event was yesterday what are
you
talking about well let's see
eh I this seems very  pathetic the
truth I mean I'm not saying it Oh because look at it
why don't they invite you to the events Oh I don't
know what envious really this
seems very pathetic to me I mean after
yesterday's act eh seeing it here
Rubius and Gref who needs to hold his
mouth together the truth gives me a little bit of the creeps it gives me a little bit of the creeps
really I'm telling you okay It
turns out that they have made their peace in
private after all they can't
see each other I mean yes it's what I already said
yesterday it's that they can't
see each other Rubius kept talking
negatively about them when before they didn't
even want to because he
invited them reluctantly he invited them
without being able to see it what happens is that they have to
collaborate because since they both
amass large crowds from the
audience to bring them together and this is what
these elite people do a lot and they keep
quiet about each other but the
truth is there are times when they
explode because when you start
keeping yourself to yourself you start
keeping things to yourself Well it
has to come out somewhere no and it was already noticeable and
not now Well look now at the passes and
everything so nice Javi, what he is being
accused of is the same thing that Dallas
explained to him in the debate about the lation of
nudes of a nurse Thanks king for
the super chat it is exactly what he is
explaining that in expensive the previous one and
basically they are canceling it so that they do
not call him to the
presentation again Let's see, let's
see it come on family at 7 we have met
to play Fortnite and to fight to the
death live insult each other and
magnify what was experienced yesterday in the
Tournament
okay edes
are
always wins let's see guys I'll tell you what
happened in yesterday's tournament please
if someone uploads this to tiktok which I know that
yes eh Don't upload it cut dude don't
upload the phrase in the middle try to have
a little eh
communicative responsibility I just invented this
expression but I mean today it is it's
a shame and it is also an advantage on
tiktok and people consume
vertical clips eh very short and that's how
people find out about things then eh
Sometimes it comes out  well and sometimes it goes really wrong
and they cut a clip and it seems like you're
saying something that isn't really what you
're saying So if someone
reuploads it for me please
no no no I didn't cut it to Mala Fe only I
ask you that or rather since
stealing it
no no I cut it and and don't try to
how to make you see something that isn't I
would ask you I would ask you that favor that I
mean I don't have any kind of authority
nor can I force you to do that but I would
ask you as a favor When I try to
explain things a little bit live
okay there are people who have just uploaded it let's
see guys basically I'm going to explain
this very briefly because it's true that
El Rubius and I have met up now to
play some Fortnite as
much as it may surprise you I didn't know it was the
new ra inventing
words I am what I am going to put on my
glasses even from Fortnite
to explain what happened let's see
basically yesterday was the El
Rubius Fortnite tournament eh og or GT
and and nothing you already know that the Squadron played
nerfed we had the first  Nerf the
first game we won And then the
second nerf which was similar to the
first but we couldn't heal
Well we also won it
and this obviously there are people who don't
feel good about it because Well how can they
win two games like that Well in short
and we were invited to the tournament we
tried to do the best we could as a
group and that's it and we won and and
and well It's true that there's one thing That
makes me a little bit angry on
Twitch or in live streams And that is that it
seems that sometimes you have to be bad or
make a joke of a game to be liked
or to seem like you're
doing the right thing you know that I've
always been very competitive my
friends are too and when we
get together in a group uh
in a squad well we try to win
more if we are nerfed which I understand
that being nerfed well we try to
win and that's it no problem we won
the first two games the truth is that I
don't understand how we won the second one
because we were in the late at 30
health all but well we got through it and
and we won So at
this moment that I didn't see it
live yesterday I know that Rubius got angry and
said something to us that thank goodness I didn't see it
at that moment I only saw the
end he said something and then
apologized
okay because yesterday what happened is that you
know how the chats are and there is a
moment when so many people are watching you that you ca
n't control it and
when Rubius nerfed us to play only with
pico Well in Rubius's chat they were
saying Hey they are crying that
you nerfed them only to pico when
I was Here doing somersaults in the
room and take I spent the whole
tournament joking we did the top two with pico
playing with the bush and of course and they
were telling me in my chat eh Rubius
is crying like this you know how
the chats are that try to eh provoke the
communities and there is a moment that is and
Inevitable then all this Yesterday
when the tournament ended okay And I
left the live like I left because I left
really angry I mean I was the
whole tournament very happy and very  joke and
and putting up with all kinds of comments
good or good and bad But at the end of
the tournament there were some words from Rubius
that I didn't like Okay and and then I
said it live I say the copy paste
this famous one of don't disrespect me
eh shut your
mouth let's
see I have the copy paste I
put it okay it seems to me that he is quite quite
quite angry and
serious In this clip eh control your
words crack, I'm not going to
pass there I mean I don't know if he's
acting But he's angry I mean I've
never seen gre like that angry not like that
seriously I mean he's a guy who
always doesn't give a damn about everything I mean he always doesn't give a damn about everything
that is said about him, he never gets angry and he's
here serious eh like [ __ ] this in
person no and they fight over there I'm not going to pass
eh I'm not going to pass there Calm down a
little we've adapted to your
tournament and we've won two games
after the biggest nerf in history
don't be disrespectful eh I don't give a damn support
whoever you are I'm
not going to
pass there we are  joke and I've been joking around the
whole
tournament Watch your
mouth I can hear it Don't take care of it
keep your words crack I'm not
going through there anymore I'm not going through there anymore eh No I don't see any
acting
neuro I don't I don't know I think acting
eh I'm not going through there anymore Calm down a
little we've adapted to your
tournament and we've won two games
after the biggest nerf in history
don't be disrespectful eh I don't give a damn support
whoever you are I'm not
going through there anymore we're joking around and I've been joking around the
whole
tournament Watch your
mouth I
can hear it Don't take care of it keep your
words I think he's serious dude I
think he's
serious well basically I noticed that El
Rubius not only disrespected me
but he disrespected the group and
then I ended the stream a little
angry without saying anything crazy
Because at that moment I said don't disrespect me
and I cut the Stream so what I
did was write to him privately
and I said Hey Rubius eh I'm sorry if
our way of  play we
have adapted to the nerf we have
tried to do the best we
could eh but know that your
words at the end eh They did not sit
well with me personally nor with the group
because it was not just addressed to me but to
the squad he said something
like eh the next time I have a
tournament well I know that they are kids with
lack of attention or something like that so
for me that crossed the line a bit and I
told him I said Hey I did not like what
you said at the end eh
Thanks for inviting us We have played the
best that we could that's it And
then Rubius told me to talk about it that
for me that already showed enough eh he
told me Hey if you want we can call each other
on discord and what and we talked about it and for me that
already shows what an
attitude Alex is Well we talked about it we
talked about it I was looking at the microphone and I
say the
microphone It's that the mic Well I'll tell you
later since you asked me something about
this microphone before and this microphone It's that
apart from this microphone it has to have a
series of things you will already know an
amplifier and so on and of wanting to talk
things over and there in a  First of all I have to
thank you and be
grateful for the attitude you have because you ca
n't imagine how many people who would have
received that message from me would have said
whatever they wanted
live and that's it and wouldn't have
worried about fixing things
so uh we made the call I
also included the squad
because I think
they should have been there too and Rubius was live at that moment
okay and we told him I think Well
that conversation is in his live I
told him that I think it was a
better thing to solve in private Prado And
that tomorrow live we would comment that
surely everything was fine which is the
case and that's it
total uh Kel hung up live and we
talked about it privately on discord which is Well
honestly How
things have to be done and what I don't think is
TR that it has to be in private what happens in
public I mean if you disrespect me
in public you have to fix it in
public Let's see Well you can talk about it
privately and then okay Yes yes yes then you
have to say something in public of course what I
was saying before we won
two games paying attention to the rules
the chats were heating us up
mutually I  I didn't see that live
but Rubius sort of said a few
not-so-nice words to the group and
then he apologized because the chat had
heated him up and then he said Damn but they've
won two games eh taking into account
the nerfs and without cheating Well the thing is
that we have to congratulate them and that's it
Eh then he explained that to us in
the call and all And in the end Here's the
key What happened what finally happened Is
that in the last game the
surprise game that was on Pico and without loot he
saw me winning the game on
tilted floors eh with a campfire that was there
in the middle and then that made him
explode a little Ah Because he saw me
doing that Then he said well
this is crazy it's that gref it's that they
're kids with a lack of attention not
only directing addressing me eh
But the whole group and I explained it to him
well he said that he had a problem that he was
thinking if it could be a
mental problem the call and I said look eh
Rubius sincerely I
couldn't get it and  that it was only
peak Okay so in the end I saw the
bonfire I saw that nobody was there it
was in tilted floors and I
used it and I said look if I use it
and win the game well perfect if it's
illegal then nothing happens they give it to the
top two you can see who died the
second to last in the game and that's it
but he was already heated up that he had
from the entire tournament Well it was like a
spark that detonated so I
said to him Hey I sincerely apologize because I had
n't listened to the rules well I didn't
know that you couldn't It's that what he's
saying is a lie Because
knowing him surely he didn't do it have you
heard
something or I hear
visions that he had a problem that I was
thinking if it could be a problem I could
catch tilted and I used it and I
said look if I use it and win the
game well perfect if it's illegal then
nothing happens they give it to the top two you
can see who died the
second to last in the game and that's it eh
but he was already heated up that he had
from the entire tournament Well it was like a
spark that detonated then I  I
said to him Hey I sincerely apologize because I had
n't heard the rules well I didn't
know that they weren't allowed that what he's
saying is a lie Because knowing him he
probably didn't do it you heard
something man I heard a voice I
swear I swear that Listen to a
voice I
heard a voice I swear to you well
listen to me uh he did it to be a pain in the
ass he said it to
cheat and to be a pain in the ass and to
do what he always does if this
is
usual he didn't do it for Oh I don't know if it was a
campfire Yes yes it was a campfire he didn't do it to get
angry use heals even if they don't go into
your loot in your in your inventory I'm
telling you and I told him yesterday
on the call I say I'm telling you sincerely
that if I had known that the campfire
couldn't be used I wouldn't have used it I
mean he would have simply killed
Pico and that's it I tried it and I said Well
if it's allowed perfect and if not then they should
take the prize away from me that's what they
did I mean the campfire wasn't
allowed and I'm not going to take the
0.000 of that victory not the victory or
anything and he also uh He
apologized to me and the whole group for
saying uh the words he said
live So that's it we talked about it
privately guys uh it's solved it was a
moment of heat in
general terms the the tournament was very very
very fun I had a great time
even after playing Pickaxe and Bush
Which obviously you have nothing to
do in the games but but I also
had a great time we made the top two
which I think was more impressive that we made the
top two in Pickaxe and Bush
to win The two games with the
Squad and for future tournaments well
we'll see What's the way to of to
get in because Well if you don't
get us in then obviously it's a shame
because we've dedicated a lot of time to Fortnite And if you get us in then uh it has to be nerfed a little bit I'll also tell you the direction of the tournament I think it would have been very different if we had started solo because solo you have very
little to do not with those nerfs but
in a group I actually proposed  al
Rubius on call that in a group they would
let us play together but that only two
could shoot another takes to heals and
another utilities they didn't decide that they
decided something else then Maybe the
nerf for the Squad was little or
also how you want to see it because winning
a game without healing is also
crazy obviously We also
did uh a very great merit to
get it So nothing yesterday was a
day I'm left with how fun it was we
solved it privately we
apologize to each other for what we
had to say to me I'm very
happy to be able to talk to him and
solve it and and do it that way in
an adult and mature way and also
Rubius told me today about playing some
games of Fortnite to which I
obviously told him yes that it
seems crazy to me I mean it was going to be Cool
if we came live and said
yesterday we talked about it in
my goodness eh I mean eh my goodness
Let's see el Rubio to see what he
said Yes he's watching that clip of
this we talked about yesterday of course Agustn
felt super because I said  the stupid thing
but of course I explained to him that this by the
way I curse the [ __ ] mother of
everyone in the chat who started throwing
[ __ ] at them when they didn't say anything
man and they were at Chilis with the rules
because I believed it and it's my fault
because believing it for the next one I've already
learned my mistake but come on those
[ __ ] are vagrants They are stranded Yes
in the end it's their fault they really were the ones who
started it all I got carried away
later too by all the drama And such
But they were the ones who started it all man
if I hadn't read that in the chat
none of this would have happened at all in the
end it's the kids' fault in the
chat which is strong is true But yes we
were talking yesterday everyone and we ended up
well the truth is that that's it is all
chill I think that people later
make up their own stories and such outside of
live but I think we did well more
than feeding the show outside of live you
know eh I mean live so that they could
release more clips to discuss more things
talk about it outside of live calmly
like older people you know what we are that we
all already have hair on our balls
and and  that's what we did man, that's it, no
more
drama, no more
[Music]
drama, besides that,
I'm going to contact Mitia tomorrow,
surely or well, Epic will
contact her to send the prize
which was second place in
Chopped Floors, she's going to take home 10,000 bucks Bom, I'm
cheering for her too. I read
something about her being Rubier or something like that, that she
was really excited, that she watched my
videos a lot and that winning my tournament made her really, really
excited, my aunt always
likes her, my aunt What did Epic say, did
they like the tournament? Yeah, let's see guys, what is
it, for Fortnite and for the
community and such in general it was a
super positive experience, you know why
Fortnite reached like 900,000
viewers on Twitch, that's [ __ ] crazy.
[Music]
that's how long has it been since that happened when when
Fortnite or reached those
numbers it's crazy man it
's
crazy since yesterday it's not happening, well, let's see, it
probably happened in some other tournament or
something like that, you know, but in the FN, I
don't know, I don't know, I know when it came out  fortnite
the first day the first few days reached
a lot of people and that's cool you know the
blond one doesn't look as excited
as the other one No Let's see let's see they've
played together not to file the
pereas I can't
find the song dude
Ah
yeah Every Time Touch what are we doing Rubius and
I one day after the tournament people it's not
that literally on Twitter there was a
God-awful mess and after the
discord flame two seconds
later listen that I went to
Twitter before to react to the
best moments and I found a
trending topic and I say wow people what
is this again yeah it's been a long time
since the trending topic and and also it just
became a trending topic and we started
playing together we put How nice
How nice Well nothing boy are you going to
close I'm not going Yes today I'll finish I'll finish
soon I don't know if I'll play more but with this
is that if I play more I'm going to get angry and
I'm like very good we won we have to
leave on high it's clear I have
a
gu vibe dude for the next bull we do
this Who kills who okay okay And let's
see the ugly ones that we invented
[ __ ] great  come on a hug
nothing have the two of them been sharing
those images on Twitter not
of the chipeo Rubius and gref it doesn't seem like it to me
a
little I don't know how to describe that
situation the truth is
a situation a little what how would you say it
but oh
well
But oh
well what can I tell you
eh let's see what's wrong with
nimu
Oh the thing I have and the throat for
God's sake don't get sick now
please m doctor
goite us what Jos Luis a
kiss was it
baiting I don't
believe it no I don't
believe it was baiting it will be a
fool that I make now
or don't you know how I'm going to
Oh you don't know how I'm going to enjoy this
video and I think you guys will too
because even the students' mothers
told me Tell them doc tell them what you
told them until one pay attention pay attention because
here comes the good part and slugs and
stupid and cowards Well the same these
put we don't forget that Octavio in Oh
tell me my full name If they
are watching me up there why didn't they
yell at me are you a misogynist get out no
for no Why didn't they ask for kisses Why
not  they raised their hand and grabbed the
microphone do you really think that if that were the case
people would approach me what the
statement from Medicine the Faculty of
Medicine I mean they don't know the person and they
throw a lot of hate at them I know you
Carol seriously sending me are you
calling me Yes because it's serious what do you
think about
me what visit does the doctor have now
currently since he no longer fights with
Dallas
Well it's okay not
bad not bad not
bad at all he went down a
little obviously
but not bad at all let's see what let's see
what Nimu's doing And it's that Nimu
uploaded a story in which he
talks about his retirement okay What happens is
that here Instagram tells me that if we
see these stories we see them as
Jabi
Oliveira that handsome boy in the
real photo we see them we don't see them as Javi
Oliveira let's see Nimu what
happened to you it's mine so what I want is for it to
grow so that it's even
bigger on my part it's a little what I
encourage is now
like encouragement now it's like part of the
Delox team works with
Delox Delo Delo I
should Delo I should stop by here doesn't
time that has not abandoned anything but
wants to get together with
nimu since I stopped streaming my life
changed a lot I still can't say that
I met my goals or anything but
I'm much closer than when I was
dedicated to something that no longer made me happy I
know what I want but at the same time
I'm lost I know a lot but I know little I'm on
track but derailed I
see everything so close but so far away I'm
looking for motivation advice I feel like I
could eat the world If I didn't have
this imposter syndrome any ideas I'd read you Hey
nimu why are you covering your face if we've
already seen you
because I want Hey it's been mounted I've seen
how Why did it
ruin you they have fallen asleep My
leg has fallen asleep because of the young posture that was taken
before in the chair my
legs have fallen asleep because of the young posture
Oh
wake up how bad eh How bad How bad I'm
going to go to bed now God watching this
podcast in person was crazy
life in 8 months in 8 months everything
that can happen to you happened to me in 15 days
my mother is diagnosed with cancer and in
15 days  we are burying her I got
fired from my job which was my dream
in Catalonia radio from one day to the next we
were
hosa what a hot guy this one who just
appeared on screen man these are
the photos that I use then remove remove remove remove
listen to me
eh we
need the
studio that delox set up
eh To record the podcasts now
let's see delox let's see those
who
say he's [ __ ] what a
sexol face he's cool eh Look at him
[Laughter]
ready Look look look he's cool
eh he's very cool
eh I love this it's wonderful I think it's
going to be a hit And that with a
plastic artist with whatever of course I didn't
realize I want to be a singer or a
fashion designer not the same what I want to
be is a reference such and such And when I already
have This market is already mine then what I
want is for it to grow so that it is
also even bigger my a little piece of
my day to day I mean she is now a camera
there of course it's a bit what we talked about
why was your life ruined in 8 months
in 8 months everything happened to me and this is  the
same or clear nimu now works with
delox
friendships and work mix them
Sometimes they go wrong but well hopefully it
goes well I hope it goes very well
but from twenty here 20 here from
time to time son that you have us
now come on you have us lying here you don't
want to know anything about us guys I'm
going there I don't know how the video
of the main Channel will be to leave you with the
video the main channel but I'm going
there Ho I'm a little bit in the mood for
chuchet
today I'm a little bit in the mood for chete
man Well nothing Christopher neurof funker we do
n't
know I'm going to rest for this morning
okay man I'm going to go to bed this
morning okay in
conditions I'm seeing what the
video editor tells me the
main channel to leave you with the video of the
main Channel
okay it was very short today the live
eh Very short very short
today very short very
short but it's that I'm in the mood for chuchillo
and I don't want to get bad
I want it's
going to take a while yet the video
of the main Channel okay the
boy is telling me that he still has a
while So okay  well when it's up we'll
upload it Let's go zubel
guys I'm going to rest forgive me for taking
less time
but but it's that chpa
chete
I want I
want to recover well and this morning
strong tomorrow you'll be worse Thanks eh
Lady no really Lady I woke up worse
yesterday yesterday morning I woke up worse
but I've been at full throttle taking
things and I understand that I got better
today yesterday I had the meeting in Seville that
Enrique had a meeting with his
followers and I was going there and
[Music] I
left it because why not
because I
can't a kiss rups Look over there
rups appears yes I prefer to go to bed now and tomorrow
Also tomorrow I have training in the
morning if I'm not mistaken Well when I
say in the morning you
know what it is tomorrow I have
training in the morning and in the
afternoon
treatment I have fit as soon as I
wake up
tomorrow yes I have training at
1 in the morning guys huge kiss
rest your
hearts
[Music]
for